
# Used Data in this Project - Streaming Data

Setup all in one Docker Compose Stack

## Mosquitto MQTT Broker
https://github.com/vvatelot/mosquitto-docker-compose
The "mosquitto-docker-compose" repository on GitHub contains a Docker compose file that makes it possible to quickly and easily create and run a Mosquitto broker with Docker. Mosquitto is an open-source broker for MQTT (Message Queuing Telemetry Transport), a network protocol for machine-to-machine communication.

The Docker Compose file defines a Mosquitto container and allows users to customize configuration parameters and authentication options via environment variables. The file also includes a sample script for creating users and passwords for the broker.

Overall, the repository provides a quick and easy way to deploy a Mosquitto broker in a Docker environment, which can be especially useful if you want to use MQTT communication in a project.

## Node-red


## Data Simulators

### IoT Sensors Data Simulator - MQTT
https://github.com/amine-amaach/simulators/tree/main/ioTSensorsMQTT

IoTSensorsMQTT is a simulator for IoT sensor data, which enables users to simulate multiple IoT sensors in a realistic manner, with minimal configuration and high flexibility.

The data generated by the simulator is based on the mean and standard deviation of the real sensor data.

### Power-Generator MQTT Simulator
https://github.com/amine-amaach/simulators/tree/main/pgmqtt

Power generators can be thought of as miniature power plants, providing the capability for generating electricity on-site. They can be used as an alternative or supplement to electricity supplied by the grid.

pgmqtt is a simulator that generates data for power generators and publishes it over MQTT. Each generator writes its data to a dedicated MQTT topic, containing the following information:

Load
Power
Temperature
Fuel Level
Base Fuel
Used Fuel

### Manufacturing Line PackML MQTT Simulator
https://github.com/Spruik/PackML-MQTT-Simulator

The PackML MQTT Simulator is a virtual production line that uses the PackML standard implemented over MQTT as its interface. This simulator is designed for use in developing software solutions for Industry 4.0.

The simulator follows the PackML State model depicted below and communicates through MQTT topics, which are defined by environmental variables. It can operate using a basic MQTT topic structure or the SparkPlugB protocol.


### MQTT Simulator (from python to Docker)
https://github.com/DamascenoRafael/mqtt-simulator



## Set-up enviorment in this direcory

    sudo docker-compose -p "data_sources" up -d 


berlin
    cnc
        line_1
        line_2
        line_3
        cnc_amb
    electronic_assembly
        line_1
        line_2
        line_3
        electronic_assembly_amb
    mechanical_assembly
        line_1
        line_2
        line_3
        mechanical_assembly_amb
    packaging
        line_1
        line_2
        line_3
        packaging_amb
    powergenerator
        cnc_pg
        electronic_assembly_pg
        mechanical_assembly_pg
        packaging_power_pg
        powergenerator_amb
        
